= YAMLiner

Simple gem that supplies inline YAML CRUD operations that usable by all kind of text files.

sample file 'test.rb':

  #!/usr/bin/env ruby

  puts 'test'

irb session:

  >> require 'YAMLiner'
  => true
  >> y = YAMLiner.new('test.rb', :line => 2, :object => {:name => 'selman', :surname => 'ulug'})
  => #<YAMLiner:0x0000000221e668 @options={:name=>"YAMLiner", :line=>2, :object=>{:name=>"selman", :surname=>"ulug"}, :beginner=>"#", :ender=>"", :backup=>true}, file"test.rb"
  >> y.write!
  => nil
  >> y.read
  => {:name=>"selman", :surname=>"ulug"}

new 'test.rb':

  #!/usr/bin/env ruby
  #YAMLiner--- {:name: selman, :surname: ulug}

  puts 'test'

== Options

:name => 'YAMLiner'  ::  names the config line using this you can add lots of lines
:line => 1           ::  it is important for first write after than reads & writes first matched line
:object => nil       ::  ruby object that will be converted to YAML
:beginner => '#'     ::  comment line beginner example '/*' for C files
:ender => ''         ::  comment line ender example '*/' for C files
:backup => true      ::  saves .bak file after modifications

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Selman ULUG. See LICENSE for details.
